Well, if someone attacked, that means someone is to blame, no wait, look, America wanted to establish its own bases, that means America is to blame, then America would be to blame, she would like to no, wait, America wanted to establish bases Russia Ukraine allowed this to happen Russia saw a threat from the other That means I'm America's fault Pony and Ukraine so Hello Hello, I’m from mills Where am I from? Krasnoyarsk And how do you communicate Krasnoyarsk Well, I just want Well, I’m the kind of person who Well, I’m for peace and I’m for peace, we found each other, we just understand You have such negativity that we’re not we can do nothing, everything has been decided for us a long time ago, as if ladies, we can’t influence in any way, but no one wants and what kind of politicians among you have not figured out on our side, politics is fine, who is to blame for this war I don’t know Well, let’s think about the options Biden Zelensky or Putin attach there Oh, there are some there, I’m not into politics, yes But you wanted some from the Ukrainian side, military, some of these to set up bases there, that’s all against America, so why did you attack us and Listen, I’m here for us They're pouring left-wing [ __ ] into your ears in the news, everything is there I'm pouring this into your ears, I'm asking who is to blame for the fact that Russia attacked Ukraine Well, Russia attacked Because she doesn't want because America I asked who is to blame I didn't ask why it attacked I asked who is to blame no one is to blame Well, no one is to blame Well, if someone attacked, then someone is to blame no wait, look America wanted to establish its bases, that means America is to blame then America She was to blame, no wait America wanted to establish bases Russia Ukraine allowed this Russia saw a threat from the other It all means I'm to blame America and Ukraine So I don't know who's to blame I'm not sha it turns out Well it turns out Look I'm rummaging it turns out yes because as you say that since America wanted So she's to blame Ukraine allowed it she's to blame Russia is not to blame but I'm not saying that no one is to blame and who is to blame I’m not I’m against the war So tell me I’m also for peace for Kyiv like tell me my last name is For peace And call me for Kyiv and then what’s happened in the Donbass for so many years here you have killed eight not seven but eight eight you understand Russia 8 years old children You know the alley of angels the alley of angels look in the alley of angels not a single Russian citizen has died all the citizens of Ukraine Russia in the Donbass since the fourteenth year Ukrainian children have come These are your Banderaites from these kae they are Banderaites Motorola these are the Vlasovites were really Vlasovites the Ukrainian Banderaites came, they were for peace They were just for all Vlasovites Stalin are fans of Vla to whom Dem are the same victims as you in the news they say one thing look you are victims of Moscow degradation these are victims I agree here if with such degradation I did not insult your nation I’m not a wasp I’m saying that the Russian population Yes, they’ve somehow been intellectually degraded in 30 years. I don’t know, but in the Soviet Union they were smart, but here it’s just all the same. I’m saying I didn’t insult you, I’m just telling lies on the news, look if you you say that there are lies in the news and that’s all. Where did you get that Ukraine Bombed Donbass Well, this is what gives us something, well, it’s about him. So you said that according to the news you have lies, wait a minute. Tell me about the floor, I don’t watch the news on tiktok, where does it come from well? where did you get the idea that Ukraine Bombed Donbass from the Internet Well, where exactly from the Internet Well, everywhere on tiktok everywhere in the U. Well tell Tell me, Ali, there are angels and who are these children of all who are these Russian troops, just like now in Ukraine Why do they leave But why we are still asking why you need Ukraine of Ukraine and Stop our children, they came for this, ours in the quiet people came to the quiet people And they went in insolently and put up flags and said Everything now won’t be here Ukraine will be Russia Yes, they sent the head of the Republic from Moscow And so on for how long people from Donbass left left because of their terror from Crimea how many locals left Yes because these are the avenue of angels the avenue of angels there are children there are little little ones they are all citizens look all citizens of Ukraine there is not a single citizen of Russia in the avenue of angels all Ukrainians they you understand so much They hate Ukraine they came This is your Strelkov Girkin FSB officer Russian these military Yes all these Cossack women They they are first zero angelo Rashi and those Kursk People's Republic of Ukrainians who live in the Kursk region and Ukrainian-speaking people Russia Russia brought the war to the Kursk People's Republic which from ancient times was Ukrainian-speaking closed all Ukrainian schools in the Kursk region closed Russia closed not a single Ukrainian school left in the Kursk region people were forbidden to speak, my man, look, I want to tell you I say our people, here are the people No one is against Ukraine, you know how offensive it is when we are always brothers Belarus Ukraine We are all doing this because of politics We are all fighting just like how as he said Well, when was this prince Vladimir Do you remember who baptized Rus', he said Aska Rus' was everything Yes you know That’s him this is the speech I watched from him, these are the notes in the chronicles, his speech during the Baptism of Rus', he then said from he really existed Well, Prince Vladimir really existed And I thought it was in the cartoon Only he is not and he and he spoke So he is gone, which means that from now on and forever and ever Russia Belarus and Ukraine are a triune Rus' and Crimea belongs to Ukraine, he decreed But as soon as Vladimir died and the Russians began to say Give us Crimea In short, we are better and so on By the way, what do you think Crimea is - what kind of country is it Wait, it was the USSR destroyed Who is Yeltsin and the whole USSR before, we were all united, he ruined everything We all used to be all there, regions We were all These are fraternal peoples Yes, Kazakhs, Ukrainians, Estonians 15 Yes, these are fifteen, our united people were 15 republics, yes We are all were from ancient times and like 15 15 re I in history there were troika 15 republics we had 15 republics there were in the Soviet Union That is, this was also said after Prince Vladimir Yes, Yaroslav the Wise came and he united all nations and said that from now on it will be 15 different nations live in a single state Yes, each of its own like yes yes yes And then uh then it turns out that Yeltsin Yeltsin came he really didn’t like Yaroslav the Wise and said that I will put an end to this state that was created and from now on Laziness of him All nations So that they lived separately and now it turns out, well, can you imagine now an Estonian is an Estonian, and even a Kazakh lives in different states? Well, damn, where has this been seen? We lived together from time immemorial, and then we quarreled, we lived together, so I say, you know, it’s offensive. You’re sorry, that’s normal. But really, no we are simple people, we are Well, no one wants war, no one wants us We are all also worried about you and Ukraine as you read Well, since he is now in the Russian Federation, he is ours, and that is, you don’t want war, Crimea is yours Yes, you captured Yes, well, they returned him Yes, I’ll tell you more and our Alaska understood, clearly no, I don’t care about that, I don’t care who is whose region I just why fight Why do we really have people with us all the time, this can all be solved civilly That’s right, me too also Nima By the way, I think that the easiest way to stop the war is Putin comes out and says, look, we are completely withdrawing troops from Ukraine from Crimea, Donetsk, Lugansk, and the Kursk region, like, and he also said everything using the example of wait, he told your Zelensky Auger we’re leaving Well, these are not debates. How are we coming to an agreement? I’m bringing out Well, here are my conditions Zelensky, what did he say? No, he’s Putin already. they don’t allow us to install our military ba Don’t look here Ukraine says look you want to talk Leave Ukraine and then we’ll talk It’s simple but Putin doesn’t want to talk because Ukraine we say that we can’t talk When the troops on our territory are shooting at us Take the troops behind there is no border Yes, that’s clear, well, he said, Let’s take everything out, but then you write a refusal so that the military bases American Zelensky said Dava Zelensky said saw it on the airwaves, he said, take it out and we’ll talk further and that’s it But he doesn’t want to take it out, you know, he attacked he wants war, he doesn’t need peace, if he needed peace, he would withdraw the troops and install Andronikos, I’m not a Greek, I’m a Greek, I’m a Greek. It’s a rather interesting Greek name, too, no, I’m Lyudmila, a Slavic name. But in short, Lyusya Mila Lyuda is the same thing. Look, in short, what turns out to be Yes, Andronik Look, in short, they are pouring one ear into ours, you understand that they are pouring it into you, I agree, I don’t argue here, I don’t argue, and they pour it into you and they pour it into you, that is, we have guys who are ours there, they know what’s going on there they are in the news We are also generally shown left-wing [ __ ], understand the question You have a husband and son at St. I have a husband at home Thank God and his opposite is in good condition I if if I didn’t have children I would go honestly and not fight But show everyone That's simple, that's simple Damn, let's not fight Let's hug, seriously, we're not to blame Question yes Question, what's stopping you from going out in your city and showing that let's not fight Why go to Well, it just won't play a role for me They can just kick you out of the country and that’s it. But in short, it’s just not like you. Yes, well, you would already know how to say it, well, I went to war of my own free will, it would be so awesome. It’s cool in my head. I mean, it’s not in my head. You understand that I I say even if we all leave, we can’t change anything, you understand, we can’t change anything, you Ukrainians are writing, Yes, you’re Russians, you can’t change anything because you still have Crimea in your head, and so on, we can’t change anything, we can’t change anything, we can maybe, no, we can’t do anything, but for starters, I’ll take the boon, remember against it again, look at my story for you, look, first of all, you need to get out of your head that Crimea is Russia, as soon as you begin to understand in your head that Crimea is Ukraine, look how everything will start to change around yes What does Crimea have to do with it? Here are the people who live in Crimea now, you ask them how you already say we used to live. How we were stuck in the day for a year, super chorus, look, and now that you are here, the Russian troops are from the United States. Damn, we bench press really cool and before we lived As if we were stuck at the beginning That's exactly how you know that I feel sorry for you, now yours have come to Kursk I feel sorry for them, it's a damn cool trap It's a trap, what do you think, they just allowed military equipment into the territory of Russia in Ukraine, different Here are the guys now they're like this is a Trap Now they'll come back and that's it and they'll just be surrounded by them all and there won't be anyone left in Ukraine Minute Minute Minute Hello wait for the call Hello yes hello hear in short Pastka Pastka How are you Lyusya from which city from which city badaibo badaibo This is where badaibo Irkutsk region in short Lyusya from the Irkutsk region the city there figs tell him badaibo in short some says that this is a Trap I tell you she you Are you seriously saying this or are you kidding Well, I’m saying my opinion, she’s seriously saying her opinion but she’s an Expert I see her For the world That is, she will not deceive, she really says that this Trap says that so I say that you that you are expanding, they say that they are capturing more and more every day Well, well, this is the calculation so that more and more people go there, understand the dude, damn which one is bigger territory, this is a calculation for you to stop by more. She says that they want to fill you up and as far as they will let you go to Moscow to Kaluga to Kursk. Lucy, run and say while there is a connection that as far as they will be lured, I’ll give you my version that all of yours will just arrive in one heap and everything is shorter everything Pony In short, come on, don’t gather in one pile, he says that they are waiting for you to collect everything in one pile and Toda Therefore, in a pile, two piles can be three piles given in one ku, don’t gather, come on, yes, I’m seriously telling you, well, Lyusya from Irkutsk is clearly bazaar she’s smooth, come on, thank you for adjusting to me, what I like, you’re a positive dude No, I’m very Thank you guys, you need to be adequate to your skin I appreciated warning you that like, yes, what’s there so that they’re all in a bunch? Don’t gather, yes, they’ll gather, they’re there, he says for now they they gather a lot of Russian conscripts and Akhmatovs into a bunch, they say they took many of ours captive, they are still just little boys, you understand They haven’t grown up yet, they are already being taken captive Do you seriously think we are all for this or something? No, of course we don’t have yours It’s a pity soldier I think For peace in some kind of dualistic personality disorder they are all For peace for Crimea as part of Russia and, in short, and NATO America bases, this internal demon is included, you understand, I’ll explain to you Why some of our Russians are against it because your Ukrainians write a lot, let’s say that but who writes you are Russians We you you came to you there you understand Pyu question why the Ukrainians write this What do you think and I’ll tell you there are examples there are explosions Yes, let’s say some and even our Russians write they say the Ukrainians hold on we against the fact that well, yes, you’re all like that, ours write, but seriously, our Russians write that well, like the question is why Vokh helps Ukraine and the question is why in no way, therefore, that’s why you get such a reaction, that’s all, look And yours how And how yours help more since you attacked us you attacked us and instead of stopping this war you say guys We are for peace but in short Crimea is ours look No Putin said negotiations that we will go to peace here are certain conditions it’s called Putin whether you like it or not Hang Damn such a negotiator just don’t hang out It was Aristovich subscribe to us Telegram right now ovin and popk more and more respectfully YouTube driving us through Scar Georg into yours and even more videos I don’t show people constantly I don’t show information about streams for that, for that, for that we Mali operational link to write right now in the meantime there in telegra okm video more tezh tsikava and korisna information and mi vinni z you trimati postiyny operational link nezalezhno in that show you YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe